%c0c0c0
^483d8bBiographical Dictionary coauthored by Juno National University Dictionary 
Compilation Committee ^000000
Published in A.W. 1003

^8b008bDoctor Varmunt (A.W. 667~???)^000000

Doctor Varmunt was born in a small rural village in the Schwaltzvalt Republic A.W. 
(after War) 667. He was the only son born to a poor yet hardworking couple: his father 
was a farmer, and his mother was a housekeeper. He demonstrated uncommon intelligence 
as a child, but his parents couldn't afford to send him to school. 
Luckily, they introduced him to Professor Hedge, a retired professor from 
the Juno National University that was now living in their village. Professor Hedge 
immediately recognized Varmunt's potential, and accepted him as his student.

Varmunt entered Juno National University under Professor Hedge's personal recommendation 
as the youngest student in its history when he was fourteen. He studied under 
the greatest professors of the time, and excelled in all fields of study, specializing in 
somatology, archeology, and ancient sciences.  Seven years later, the twenty-one year old 
genius earned his doctorate, becoming the youngest professor of Juno National University. 
Varmunt focused on researching ancient relics and science, which was considered taboo in 
the academic world at the time. He had difficulty financing his early projects and relic 
excavations since few people were willing to fund his research.

Doctor Varmunt finally procured funding for research when he met representatives from 
a corporation named XXX (Reference 1). The corporation recognized his talents, and 
promised to finance all of his projects providing that he share his discoveries with them. 
Their partnership proved profitable to both parties: Doctor Varmunt made tremendous 
progress in his studies of ancient relics and science, and this knowledge was used to 
develop advanced technology for use by the corporation.
 
Doctor was a genius in many fields, and was also prolific in literature, art, and music. 
He was almost fanatically devoted to pursuing his studies and his art, and accomplishing 
his lifetime goals: he wanted to recreate the ancient technology he had uncovered in 
his excavations, and compile his life's research before he died. To these ends, he spent 
much of his life secluded in his mansion, which is rumored to have been filled with 
working reproductions of the ancients robots he discovered. Doctor Varmunt's home was 
also filled with his countless paintins, but all of his possessions were destroyed 
when his mansion was illegally occupied, plundered, and then burned down by mercenaries 
in the Mercenary Rebellion (Reference 2). 

The cause of Doctor Varmunt's death has never been determined because of his seclusion. 
It is widely assumed that he passed away because his female pupil, the one person from 
the outside world that communicated with him, suddenly disappeared. Doctor Varmunt's 
mansion and research center were also seemingly abandoned for a few years until they were 
occupied by rebel mercenaries in the Mercenary Rebellion in an effort to defend themselves 
from the Republic Army. The mercenaries were able to hold off the Republic Forces 
in the mansion stronghold for two months, but they were evenually overcome 
by sheer numbers. The Republic Army used excessive force, did not leave any survivors, 
and laid waste to all of Doctor Varmunt's remarkable achievements. All that remain of 
Doctor Varmunt are a few of his letters, and some of his written theoretical papers about 
ancient science.

Reference 1) Schwaltzvalt's biggest corporation studied, developed, and manufactured 
                      Guardians
Reference 2) Rebellion of mercenary soldiers in A.W. 781 that felt threatened by 
                      mechanical Guardians, and terrorized the republic for a year. 
                      The rebellion resulted in the prime minister and his secretaries 
                      stepping down from power.
Reference 3) Representative creature: Monster Alice
