^000088 The energetic drink manual : Monthly Alchemist - [Dreaming SP Vol.10]  ^000000


 Alchemist  : We've invited two famous figures among Alchemists who are develped fantasic SP increase potion! 
May I ask them to introduce theirselves?


vain : I am the oldest boy! And I like to collect the flowers. 

vajin : I am the second boy and I like to watch the puppet show. Our brothers are nominated among famost 10 Alchemist. 
We really appreciated your cheering greeting.

Alch : I've heard that you two invented SP Increase potion series. Can I ask that how come you made these figures? 


vain : Yes, while we investigating the life stone, we ended up to make the potions for customers for making lives.
        At first, we've just made some of supplying juices, but we could get to know how to enlarge SP extent itself while having investigations.
We've never intended to get the monopoly for producing these potions.






Vajin : This technics is requireing delicate skill and time taking. Though you get to know how to make it out, it's not that easy.As well as success rate is very low, so that it could just consume the materials. So I hope you young guys won't lose a lot f






Alche : The point is, it requires the telent of makers than technics.


Vain : Definitely! With the same material and ingredinets, there comes out different taste! We've tired it almost 136,072. So that I would like to ask people to try it if you considered know the better way.


Alche : But you two brothers dare to be dedicated for the progress and development of this refining.
As an exclusive story, I honorably feel thanks to you.


Vajin : You are welcome. We think that this proceed better activity and make work peace.  
Though we try to have the monopoly on this skill, it won't last longer.



Alche : reall? Why?

Vain : As my brother explained, there's no potion which maximize SP itself currently. 
         So far as we did, there's only skill, card & equipment which lead miximizing SP 


         Though we only enlarge SP itself, we can't solve the core problem.
         The thing we make bigger is the size of engine, not fuel itself.
 
Vajin : There's some recovery function with SP potion itself, but it's not that big stuff. 
     In conclusion, we supported accelerating the activity of the brain and body for getting much of mana. 
As far as I know, lots of monks are same based.




Vain : So that we alchemist could get lots of interest through this refine method.
         But it's quite domestic point, and it's not that good action for longer state.

Vajin : Yes, it would lead bad situation. 


         
Alche : Ok. I get to know your points. The secret isn't that long lasting, and we'd better focus on the activation of the market.
it's the broad perspectation.


Vain : We believe in things are going circled. If we do good to others, things are going back to us.  
It's called 'Golden rule'.



Alche : So the thing Alchemist found out is Golden rule! 


Vain : (Smiling) It's not that big contribution. (being shy)


Alche : But I think many people could get benefit from your labor.
You two guys are very inspiring and may I ask your future plan?


Vain : And we would be dedicated to investigate on "Life ston".
        That was our fundamental purpose. And I hope the potions would be useful.


Alche : Thanks. Lastly, I would like you to meet the person who would sponsor you!

(The recepi is enclosed below)

recepi

SP Increase potion (S) : empty bottle 10 + Honey 10 + blue herb 10 + sweet source 1
SP Increase potion (M) : empty bottle 10 + Honey 10 + blue herb 10 + sweet source 1
SP Increase potion (L) : empty bottle 10 + royal jerry 10 + blue herb 15 + sweet source 1 


effect

Maxmize MSP by 1 -20% for 500 sec. 
as big as it is, it's getting stronger.
