---- Fire Spirit Agni Chapter ----

By ordering your summoned fire spirits using the "Spirit Control" ability, you can control what actions your spirit performs.

[Assist Me]
i - Pyrotechnic : Increases damage of fire bolt and Fire Wall.

ii - Heater : Increases damage of fire walk.
Increases the heal of the Warmer skill a little.
Slightly increases damage of Psychic Wave.
Changes the damage property of Psychic Wave to fire.

iii - Tropic : When the summoner attacks, adds a chance to auto spell fire bolt.
Using Flame Launcher or Volcano have a 50% chance of not consuming a Red Blood or Yellow Gemstone.

[Protect Me]
i - Circle of Fire : Creates a circle of fire around the summoner, which causes damage to enemies who attack the summoner.

ii - Fire Cloak : Increases resistance to fire property attacks, lowers resistance to water property attacks.

iii - Fire Mantle : Creates a powerful firewall around the summoner.

[Attack My Enemy]
i - Fire Arrow : Fires a fire arrow at a single target dealing fire elemental damage.

ii - Fire Bomb : Fires a fire bomb at a target dealing fire elemental damage in an area around it.
Or deals fire elemental magic damage.

iii - Fire Wave : Fires a wave of fire at a target dealing fire elemental damage in an area around it.
O the target takes large fire elemental magic damage.

---- Water Spirit Aqua Chapter ----

By ordering your summoned water spirits using the "Spirit Control" ability, you can control what actions your spirit performs.

[Assist Me]
i - Aqua Play : Increases cold bolt and Frost Diver damage.

ii - Cooler : Slightly increases the freezing chance of diamond dust.
Slightly increases the damage of Diamond Dust.
Slightly increases the damage of Psychic Wave.
Changes the damage property of Psychic Wave to water.

iii - Cool Air : When the summoner attacks, adds a chance to auto cast Cold Bolt.
Frost Weapon and Deluge skills have a 50% chance of not consuming a crystal blue/yellow gemstone.

[Protect Me]
i - Water Screen : Heals the summoner a set amount of HP.
For a short period of time damage will be redirected to the Aqua.

ii - Water Drop : Increases resistance to water property, while lowering your resistance to fire.

iii - Water Barrier : Generates a barrier around the caster of water. While in this barrier, physical and magic damage are reduced. However, evasion and attack power are also reduced.

[Attack my Target]
i - Ice Needle : Strikes a single target for water elemental magic damage.

ii - Water Screw : Strikes a single target for water elemental magic damage.
Or damages all enemies in a radius around the target.

iii - Tidal Weapon : For a short period of time changes the summoner and the spirit's weapon to water property.
Increases the elemental's attack power.
Or causes large water element damage on 1 target.

---- Wind Spirit Ventus Chapter ----

By ordering your summoned wind spirits using the "Spirit Control" ability, you can control what actions your spirit performs.

[Assist Me]
i - Gust : Increases damage of Lightning Bolt and Thunder Storm.

ii - Blast : Increases damage of electric walk.
Increases damage of Vartyr Spear.
Increases damage of Psychic Wave.
Changes the damage property of Psychic Wave to wind property.

iii - Wild Storm : When the summoner attacks, adds a chance to auto cast Lightning Bolt.
When casting Lightning Loader or Violent Gale, has a 50% chance of not consuming the Wind of Verdure or Yellow Gem.

[Protect Me]
i - Wind Step : When activated, teleports the summoner. Increases the summoners movement speed and evasion for a period of time.

ii - Wind Curtain : Increases wind element resistance, lowers earth element resistance.

iii - Zephyr : Creates a barrier of wind around the summoner. In this barrier, it increases evasion and blocks ranged attacks. Also has a small chance to completely block phsyical and magic damage.

[Attack My Enemy]
i - Wind Slasher : Strikes a target at long range with a blade of wind, causing wind element damage and bleeding status.

ii - Hurricane Rage : Attacks a target at long range with wind element magic damage.
Or deals physical damage to all targets nearby.

iii - Typhoon Missile : Attacks a target at long range with wind element damage.
Or deals additional wind element magic damage and causes silence status.

---- Earth Spirit Terra Chapter ----

By ordering your summoned earth spirits using the "Spirit Control" ability, you can control what actions your spirit performs.

[Assist Me]

i - Petrology - Increases probability of Stone Curse.
Increases damage of Earth Spike and Heaven's Drive skills.

ii - Cursed Soil - Cloud Kill Max damage increased.
Poison buster damage increased.
Earth Grave damage increased.
Psychic Wave damage increased.
Changed the elemental property of Psychic Wave to Earth.

iii - Upheaval : When the summoner attacks, adds a chance of autocasting Earth Spike.
When using Seismic Weapon has a 50% chance of not consuming the Yellow Live.

[Protect Me]

i - Solid Skin : Increases the defense and max HP of the summoner.

ii - Stone Shield : Increases Earth element resistance, lowers fire element resistance.

iii - Power of Gaia : Creates a barrier of earth around the summoner.
Within the barrier you cannot receive bleeding or petrification status.
For a fixed time increases Max HP and Defense, but lowers movement speed.

[Attack My Enemy]

i - Stone Hammer : Attacks a single target for earth element damage and causes stun status.

ii - Rock Launcher : Strikes a target with earth element damage and lowers their defense.
Or strikes a target with earth element magic damage and lowers movement speed.

iii - Stone Rain : Drops rocks down on a target dealing earth element damage to a target and targets nearby.
Or deals earth element damage and causes stun status.