^000088 Study of explosive strength improvement by world famous Alchemist Darcya ^000000


I am the Alchemist Darcya. Do you hear me? Yes, you!
I believe you bought this book because you're an Alchemist, right?
If you're not an Alchemist... I'll remind you again this book is useless
if you're not a job class who can use special pharmacy!

That means, this book is "of the Alchemist, for the Alchemist, by the Alchemist"!

Are you trying to proceed to main pages because the prologue is little bit tedious?
This country is ruined because of guys like you who are so inattentive and don't 
try to read a book until the last page! 

These days, they don't want to read a book and addicted to something like MMO or FPS…
so they don't want to listen to others and they can't speak neatly and clearly
what they want to insist! It's no use of study at school for 10 or 20 years, if they aren't interested in
study, but just attend school for the next step of education. There's no development for them!

You may feel like I'm giving you a long lecture, but keep it in mind
that this lecture could be a foundation fot your life! 

Then, I'll let you know how to make a improving strength potion for you… Before we begin!

Frankly speaking, I, Darcya hate lazybones who don't want to make efforts 
and just want to follow this book! So I won't let you know the exact recipe.
Follow me, if you can. Are you ready?! Here we go! 


~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~


First of all, we need a empty bottle. It's better to wash it and dry under the sun light.
I'll reject some bottles from internal organs of a monster! 
Basically, if you're learning special pharmacy, you can make 10 ea at once.
So prepare empty bottles following the numbers. Actually, 1 or 2 more bottles can be produced,
but it depends on the size of the bottle. Not my fault.

If produced less than ten, it's because you tried it absentmindedly! 
Or the empty bottles were too big, so it couldn't be total ten. If you prepare
proper empty bottles and put proper amounts, there's no chances of overflow or shortage!

Head up or move your fingers more deligently! If even it doesn't work, 
hunt monsters until you exhausted! 

For your reference, I'll tell you one thing. It needs always same numbers of empty bottle
to make 3 kinds of HP increase potion! I gave you so many hints until now, but if you aske me 
how many bottles do I need?, then I'll blow you with Hammerfall! 

Next one is hot spice sauce. Hot spice sauce is used for the circulation of the blood
Like hot and spicy foods makes sweats from our body and improve the circulation of the blood,
this sauce helps the circulation of the blood in our body, so it lets our body get more vigorous strength.
Of course, it's hot. Absolutely it has side effects, the risk is insignificant compared to the effect.
If I eat this hot pepper and can run 100 meter more, I could eat more than 100 peppers!
But only the hot pepper can't make you run 100 meter more! 
Does.. Does any one of you are thinking that put this hot pepper into your mouth and run...?
I believe there's no one think like that..
You need to put only 1 Hot Sauce per each potion. Occasionally someone put 2-3 ea by mistake,
It just makes your mouth burning. You know, medicines are most effective when you exactly follow
the dosage and instruction! 

Now, let's begin with simple thing. Ingrediants are something that monsters like.
And we need a small amount of herb which is used for White Potion.

Well, I told you almost everything.

Let's review.

What's the basic material for all potions?  [Empty Bottle] , and [Hot Sauce]! 

Materials for HP Increase potion (Small)  are [the thing monster likes] and [the herb is for white potion
] 

 I think you guys already got enough hints to make the 
Potion of Darcya! 

For the foolish boys like you, I'll give you another hint.
You should find out how many pieces have to put in! 

Then let's go to next step! Actually I want to explain more about the remedial effects of this,
but also I have complicated circumstance behind this matter! 

I know some of you still want to know the effect or duration of the HP Increase potion...
There's no other way than to tell you. Cuz I'm such a generous man! 

I made this HP Increase potion when I was 34 years old. It became really hard to
do once in a day from 30...  Hmm hmm.. Anyway  
Ma.. My health became wea.. weakened! 

Jogging from Prontera to Aldebaran was the regular beginning of a day,
but from one day, it became really hard to running aroun Prontera.
That means you're already an old man.
But it's their fault to care their body!

Regular meals, plenty of sleep, and proper exercise as always you can keep wealth body!
Although you try to use this kinds of medicine 
You already have weak body and mental!! Gosh~!!

But if you are already planning to buy it~! Should recognize proper method and effect to use!
If so what's the correct effect of HP increase potion??

There are two effect to increase HP up to maximum and recover just a little of HP!
For your information the maximum HP will be decisioned based on your Vital and equipment grade!
Won't you ask the Vital? If you want to ask it just go out and study more!

Ok, How much maximum HP increase amount of increase potion?
Is there anyonw who knows answer? What? 1000? Case of HP increase potion (S) is enable!
Don’t' be silly~!!! Only when you reach up to highest level will be able!
Surely such as person beginner like you when reach up to lv 150, 
You won't check again this book never ever!!

The right answer is…. Nothing! Approximately case of the HP increase potion(S) give around
800~1000 amount. That's all!! 
The duration time… sorry but just within 10 min! I wanted to extend more high 
Just left for your future information!

HP Increase potion is quite is quite stronly effect on special class & beginners. 
Be honest, this could ruin all of potion''s balance. 
But it was the time before! 
This world is flooded with lots of the youngs have strong minded.
So I don't worry about it! 
Though the potion I made causes problems, there's something coming out to detoxicate it.


Now, let's get to know the Increase potion (m), (l). 
are you ready?

As I informed you before, I would give you brief explaination for making out Middle and Large potion.)


The first material for HP Increase potion (M) is same as for potion (s)
Also, the second material needed is yellow colored, and same type. 
The first material needed for HP Increase potion (L) is as same as the one for small potion. 
And the second material is, [purple colored fruit]! 
For the final material for HP Increase potion (L) is the one for remembering my friend. 
He is the priest, and gives me this one whenver I got challenged while having investigation. 

 
He would cheer up for me with the heartful mind! 
As for me, I could feel his sincerety, so I insert this material though I consider it's literally useless.
This heartful mind could be the best of the best in this world.


Let's wrap up!

In addtion to two basic material, HP Increase potion (M) requires one which is for small potion, and the other colored one with the same property. 


In addtion to two basic material, HP Increase potion (L) requires one which is for small potion, the purple colored fruit as well as the thing only available by priest.


For more clue, the proportion is (m)  1 : 1 , (L)  5 : 1 : 1/3  .

Here we go! Expectiong for your great job and the progress for Alchemist!



(As I checked it delicately, there's something written in the back of the book.)

(S : 병 10 - 괴먹 5 - 하허 10 - 매소 1 )
(M : 병 10 - 하허 10 - 노허 ?? - 매소 1 )
(L : 병 10 - 하허 15 - 마스 3 - 성 1 - 매소 1 ) 

(It seems like password. It must be related to producing HP Increase potion....)
